feat: update uipath connector inputs (#3123)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/process/pages/uipath.adoc

= UiPath
:page-aliases: ROOT:uipath.adoc
:description: This page explains how to configure the UiPath connectors in Bonita Studio.

{description} +
UiPath is a global software company that develops a platform for robotic process automation (RPA).

RPA is a complementary technology to BPM that handles high-volume, repeatable tasks that previously required humans to perform. RPA technology consists of software robots that mimic a human. Processes can leverage RPA technology when needed to gain efficiency and focus human on added value tasks. https://www.bonitasoft.com/robotic-process-automation[Combining BPM and RPA] allows end to end automation and avoids what is called "islands of automation" by adding the orchestration capacity of a BPM platform to the RPA approach.

All connectors share common authentication settings, and have other specific settings.

[CAUTION]
====

> Version 2.3.0 and later of the connector require Bonita Studio released after October 2025. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions 2.3.0 and later of the connector require a Bonita Studio released after October 2025. +
```

Details concerning UiPath cloud authentication can be found on the https://docs.uipath.com/orchestrator/reference#consuming-cloud-api[UiPath documentation]

> When using the connector version 2.3.0 or later, there is 2 authentication types: Client Credentials (OAuth) or Token (Bearer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the connector version 2.3.0 or later, there are 2 authentication types: Client Credentials (OAuth) or Token (Bearer).
```
